## Give Angular a chance

Work at Olist Frontend, let be me =), let be Angular too =).

## WHY ANGULAR?

Actualy is one of the most powerfull mechanism to work beacause has a great community, is oriented by component and one of the Angular premissis is the component reuse to prevent rework, Angular made easy the relationship and the contex share beetween components. Also, Angular use Typescript that can made your application code be typed and this is great, because help the developer life, right? Besides that, Typescript is a language that use ECMA like javascript, however, typescript is nearer of the last ECMA version.  Give a try =).

## Mind Trap

For the concepts descripbed in the specification I prevented my mind to make things more than the specification =). I thinked in a poc application with login and a home after the login using something like JWT for the authentication, Angular routes and another little things that isn't specified for this test, then mind free, mind free.

* Use [SOLID](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SOLID_(object-oriented_design)), [KISS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KISS_principle), [YAGNI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/You_aren%27t_gonna_need_it) and [DRY](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Don%27t_repeat_yourself)

## Git rebase

I prefer to use rebase to make only one commit per feature because, the git tree will be small in relation to various small commits. Besides that, if the feature really need to more than one commit it's ok. For example, I made a commit and a push fotr the sign up component, but now I need to update de readme.md then I will make two commit and two push

## Somethings Used from The Angular

Angular give for us two-way databind and this is great for the application and component communication. 
The principal feature that I used in this POC is the `Reactive Forms` this doesn't do css customization or something like then you need to implement the css and the behaviours of your form. The reactive forms only do to you the two-way databind and this is great for auto-save and share state without always needs read the form to do this.

## Experience 

I have about 4~5 years of experience in HTML/CSS and Javascript. I know libraries like Jquery, Ext4, Bootstrap, Vannila.js, D3.js, HighCharts and some others. I'm so sorry to do not what the specification said to me do. But like said above the Angular is great! If I need to prove you my expertieses, please call me, talk with me, let me show you who is Hanor Sátiro Cintra and what this young man can improve in your company.

## Access in the web

I have been used the FireBase to deploy this application. You can access the application in:
 
 - https://giveangularachance.firebaseapp.com/;

Also, was created a file server in node.js that can serve the angular files. You can deploy this app on the Heroku or something like but I prefered to the this "POC" use FireBase.  Below I will teach you to use this application as developer or as production. Here we go =).

## Requirement

To execute this application you need to install node.js and execute npm install. The shortest way to run and install the application dependences is:
    - Install `Node.js`;
    - Execute `npm start`.
The last command above will install all the project dependences, like: angular/cli and other.

## To run

Like above described install node.js and run npm start inside the application directory. You can access the application in `127.0.0.1:8080`;

## Build, Application Container and Manually Execute

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build. Ng build will create the index.html and the .js files from the Angular(typescript, html, scss, ...)

The `engine/server.mjs`, will serve the files that was builded in dist.

To execute this application manually as production, you need execute the follows steps:
 - Inside the interface directory execute: `ng build --prod`;
 - Inside the engine directory execute: `node --experimental-modules server.mjs`;
 - Alright, now you can access the application win `127.0.0.1:8080`.

## Was generated by

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 6.0.8.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:8080/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

